Hey, this is Stephen Furtick.
I'm the pastor of Elevation Church, and this is our podcast.
Be sure to subscribe so we can get you these new sermons every week.
Hope you're blessed today.
So over in the book of Revelation chapter two, verse two through five, there's a challenge.
And I'm going to try to be disciplined as I preach this one.
I got a little, I got a little bit off my plan at the last one.
This one I'm gonna try to just stay right, right there and preach it.
And because there's so much there that I believe will help you.
But let's turn our attention now to the text, the angel at the church in Ephesus is receiving a message.
And the word of the Lord comes, I know your works, verse two, your toil and your patient endurance and how you cannot bear with those who are evil, but have tested those who call themselves apostles and are not.
found them to be false.
I know you're enduring patiently and bearing up for my namesake and you have not grown weary.
You're doing a lot of things right and I see it and I see you struggling and I see you showing up.
But I have this against you.
There's something that's working against you.
There's
There's something that I need to challenge you on today.
I have this against you that you have abandoned the love that you had at first.
Remember, therefore, from where you have fallen.
Repent.
It means to change your mind.
It means to change your direction.
Repent.
Therefore, repent.
Remember and repent.
And do the works you did it first.
If not, I will come to you and remove your lampstand from its place unless you repent.
I see you.
I love you.
But if you don't remember and repent, you're going to lose your place.
So I want to preach to you today on the subject.
Put your passion in its place.
And I want you to pray with me that I could communicate this message in a powerful and clear way.
Father, anoint your word and open our hearts.
May we hear it and do it.
Never be the same.
We declare it and thank you in advance for feeding us from your hand in Jesus' name.
Amen.
On your way to your seat touch somebody, say, you're going to get it back today.
You're going to get it back.
I'm just telling you right now you're going to get it back today.
Hey, so bring out my props and put my little picture up.
I want to show you something from last summer.
I took my kids back to my hometown and took them on a tour of Monk's Corner, South Carolina.
A lot of people want to go to the Holy Land and then some people on their bucket list, they just want to see Monk's Corner.
So I took my kids to all of the sites that I could think of that were memorable to me growing up very proud of my small town heritage.
And very proud of the church I grew up in.
I took them by Monk's Corner United Methodist Church.
A lady who recognized me saw us pull up, she said, little Stevie Furtick.
Her sister taught my Sunday school class, and she knew I was pastoring now, proud of me and all that, said we could walk in and do whatever we wanted, she was there cleaning in.
We went over to the choir room, and I showed the kids how I used to suit up on Sunday mornings when I was about, what was it, 10 mom, 11, and I was an acolyte.
at the Methodist Church.
And so I kind of walked them through.
I wanted to show them how I did it back in the day, because not just anybody could be an acolyte.
It took a special, talented kid.
Very spiritually elite children were called upon it.
They didn't let you light your own wick.
They had a committee member for that.
But I walked them through it.
And so that's me at the front of the church there showing them
how I used to do it, and you had to do it a certain way.
You come down during the first song, and I don't remember it exactly.
It's been a while, but there was a certain way you did the candles and all of that, and then you light it.
It's been a while.
Abby had a funny line when I was showing her all this.
She said, Daddy, did you have to practice that?
I said, yeah, baby, you took a lot of practice and do it just right.
I can't mess it up.
And plus Melissa Heidrick was sitting up there in the balcony, and I had a crush on her.
And I didn't want to burn down the church in front of my childhood crush, like my robe on fire in front of my crush.
So you had to practice that.
And then at the end, how you put the fire out, that's important there at the end.
And while I'm standing up there with them, it's memories, you know, because sometimes you go back and you just, you remember things.
That was where I preached my first sermon on Youth Sunday.
Now, they only give you 12 minutes to preach in the Methodist church.
And I know what some of you are thinking, can we make this a Methodist church?
That sounds awesome.
It takes me 12 minutes to tell you hello.
How many of you are glad I preached long sermons because you know you're jazzed up.
This will take me a whole lot more than 12 minutes to straighten you out.
Weirdo.
Touch somebody, say it's going to take more than 12.
You're a mess.
Me too.
Anyway, I was remembering that first sermon.
I was preaching on Peter walking on water.
And I didn't even need the full 12 minutes, to be honest with you.
Within five minutes, I had used all my notes, and there were seven minutes left.
I had nothing more to say.
Because I was 16.
I didn't have content.
I was preaching on the storms of life, 16 years old, trying to tell 73-year-old Methodist women about the storms of life.
I didn't have a lot of life experience, but I'll tell you what I had.
I had passion.
I mean, if I could have walked across the pews, I would have walked across the pews to show them how Peter came out to Jesus on that boat, and I didn't have much, much sense, but I had passion.
In fact, they brought up a group of people last night when I was preaching.
They had people up who have been in the church 10 years, and it made me remember back to all the things that we have now as a church that we did not have.
10 years ago when we started, we didn't have all these lights and cameras for video and all this money to start campuses.
God knows we didn't have a building.
Our first capital campaign, you remember Greg Weinberger, I didn't have a building, a blueprint to show the people.
We didn't have any of that, but we had passion.
Oh, man, we had passion.
We had the kind of passion that they were calling us a cult.
Until they're calling you a cult, you ain't doing nothing.
We had passion.
I had passion preaching in that senior center.
I wish I could tell him, Josh, remember you wrote me that letter the other day about my first green room.
It wasn't the green room.
It was a closet.
We would move the plants out the closet, and you would knock on it with one minute left so I'd come out and leave the music.
We didn't even have that many people, but we had passion.
How many know you can push through a lot when you have passion?
When you have passion, passion matters.
I was standing there with my kids and thinking about when I started preaching and having conversations with my young self and checking my passion because in Revelation chapter 2 there is a challenge to passion.
I think it's good every once in a while to challenge your passion level in contrast to the passion that you had.
Do you still have passion?
You remember the first apartment?
that we lived in together.
Holly, you remember it well.
You remember the mouse traps.
You remember it well.
You remember how you cooked all that fried rice and pasta and made me fat within a year and a half of being your husband.
I think you were trying to make sure I stayed with you.
She got me so fat that first year.
cooking for me.
I found a picture the other day.
In fact, she brought it to me.
I don't know if she's trying to keep me motivated to stay in the gym.
But I was about 45 pounds heavier, bro.
Not in the biceps.
This picture, I wish you could see this picture.
I thought about putting it on the screen, but some of y'all are going to lunch after this.
I don't want to mess up your lunch.
And I'm standing there, got my eyes closed and my shirt off and my belly out looking like an infomercial before picture.
that little apartment, Juniper Terrace Apartments, C-15.
It was very small, and the insulation in the walls was very thin.
And the reason I know, because Tammy from Juniper Terrace Apartments, C-16 came over to us after our first night in the apartment and knocked on the door and said, I'm your neighbor Tammy, and I just want to let you know we can hear everything.
It was a duplex.
I just want you to know we can hear everything that happens in C-15.
And I mean everything, because we didn't have a lot of space, but we had a lot of passion, which brings us to Revelation chapter 2.
This is the connection of obvious people.
He said, you had something
when you were small, that you lost now, that you're significant.
Ephesus was not an imaginary place, so when the book of Revelation is issuing seven letters to seven churches, there are real churches with real people, with real histories.
It's been 43 years since Paul started this church, traveling inland with a group of compadres that are spreading the gospel of Jesus Christ that he spends a couple of years with these people
in Ephesus, and when he started out, he just met some people.
There were 12 guys who were disciples of John the Baptist, and Paul asked them, do you have the Holy Spirit?
They said, we don't even know that there is a Holy Spirit.
They didn't have a lot of theological knowledge, but you know what they had?
They had passion.
Paul laid his hands on him, and when he did, they started
to speak in tongues, and they received the Holy Spirit, and they didn't just speak in another language, they started speaking about Jesus, they were speaking in the synagogues, and their passion was so strong that the crowds started coming out, and then they didn't like it, because sometimes when you get passionate, apathetic people get threatened.
And the Jewish religious system was not a fan of the prevalence of the gospel, so they kick Paul out of the synagogue,
But how many know when you have passion, you'll find another place.
Nobody can shut you down when you have real passion.
If they kick you out the synagogue, you'll go to the lecture hall.
And that's exactly what Paul did.
And he preached powerfully in Ephesus.
And it wasn't just an accident that he ended up in Ephesus.
God strategically placed Paul in Ephesus because there were 300,000 people who lived there.
Fourth largest city in the world at that time, known as the seventh wonder of the world.
Home of the temple of Artemis, daughter of Zeus.
I mean, Ephesus was a place where
where people would come to get their shipments.
It was a port city.
It was well situated.
It was an important place.
So Paul is passionate.
And Ephesus is an important place.
And God says, I've got to get the guy with the passion in the right place.
When I look back over my life, I'm grateful that God has directed my past and made sure that my passion had a place to operate.
I'm grateful that God found me as a teenager and gave me a place to preach because God saw I had a passion.
Now, as a parent, I'm always trying to look and make sure that if my kids have a passion, I encourage it.
If you're into a Rubik's Cube, I'll buy you three.
If you like Minecraft, I'll tolerate and pretend to listen to you as you explain it to me.
But I want you to have a passion.
Passion matters.
It matters.
No matter what position you're in, passion matters.
And if you can't do it with passion in a small place, why in the world would God promote you to a bigger one?
Paul didn't start an emphasis, but he ended up there.
He started in Damascus spending time in isolation, but the same passion that was developing in his isolation.
Did that make you think of David when I said that?
Because that would be a great Old Testament illustration of this New Testament personality.
David is a shepherd, killing lions, killing bears, and didn't even know he was preparing for Goliath.
But it was the same passion in the pasture that got him to the palace.
Same passion waiting for a place to happen.
And that's one of the frustrating things is that you can have the right passion in the wrong place.
You can have more passion than opportunity to express it.
It's frustrating.
I know some of you who come to church here.
Some of you would express yourself more in church, but you don't know if it's appropriate.
I have one friend who grew up in churches where it was more demonstrative.
He said when he first came to elevation, it was kind of hard for him.
I said, really?
He said, yeah, because I would want to stand up while you were preaching and shout you down.
There's a black guy, by the way, okay, incidentally.
He said, but I was around a bunch of white people and God bless them and we all have different personalities.
But I stood up when I was stand up, I was the only one.
I was stand up and I was expecting everybody else to be standing to.
He said, because you were preaching so passionately, the word just got in me and I couldn't stay seated and I'm standing up, but I'm the only one.
All these people around me, you know, sometimes you can let other people
minimize your passion and downplay your passion to the level of other people.
Don't ever let another person become the ceiling on your passion.
I'd rather change people than lose passion.
I'd rather get some new friends that want to serve God and want to love God.
I'd rather move seats than stay in my seat when the Spirit of God hit me.
In fact, if you're sitting at a campus and nobody around you looks excited, raise your hand and ask the answers and they'll move your seating assignment because I need some room to praise God because when I think of the goodness of Jesus, come on, anybody got passion.
And see, when you have passion,
Sometimes when you get around complacing people or people who have a different personality, you feel funny.
Touch somebody and say, keep your passion in his place.
Right.
Place for sexes in the marriage bag.
I know you got passion, but passion needs a place to operate like a fire.
If you're in disagreement with what I just said, let me prove it using natural elements.
When I started this sermon,
I lit this wick, and none of you had a problem.
Why?
Because it was in its proper place.
But I bet if I brought this wick down to the crowd and put this fire in your hair, you say, I got it, preacher.
Keep it in its place.
Misplace passion is very dangerous.
misplaced passion.
You know, it's even more dangerous to let somebody with Brooklyn passion get around somebody with a South Charlotte attitude.
What I'm trying to say is, I mean, I love my city.
We're a great city.
I'm not saying we owe anything to those Yankees, but I'm saying that sometimes a new person will come into the church and they're excited.
I mean, they are fired up.
They got a passion and let them get around Bobby, who's been a Christian for 23 years.
And Bobby's looking at him saying, you don't do that around here.
See, because people who are new to the faith, people who have that first love, they don't know that you're not supposed to read your Bible yet.
They don't know that we only listen to it on Sundays and we don't bother with it during the week.
So if you don't watch them, they'll bring that passion into your church if they don't get around.
Around people.
And something's happening in Ephesus because when they first started, they didn't have the knowledge, but they had the passion.
They didn't have the people, but they had the passion.
They didn't have the political support of the government.
They didn't have a 501c3 nonprofit tax exempt status.
They didn't have a Christian president, but they had passion.
They had false doctrine coming into the church.
In fact, Paul told Timothy one time he said, hey, I want you to look at this in 1 Timothy 1, 3, because Timothy was a young man, and he didn't have much experience.
The Bible gives us reason to believe that Timothy had a timid personality.
Paul had to remind him over and over again, hey, God didn't give you a spirit of timidity.
Timmy is pastor in a big city church.
And there's people teaching false doctrine.
And there's people trying to deny the gospel of Christ.
And Timothy in his twenties with the timid personality.
By the way, passion is not a personality type.
Passion isn't how high you jump.
Passion is how straight you walk when your feet hit the ground.
Put this down.
If you're passionate, you take notes in church.
The proof of passion is perseverance.
I'll prove it to you in the Scripture.
I'll prove it to you from 1 Timothy 1, 3.
Paul says, Timothy, I urged you before when I was on my way through Macedonia, and I'm telling you again, remain in ethicists.
Now watch this.
You don't have to tell somebody to stay somewhere they want to be.
I've never had a massage therapist have to tell me to stay on the table.
I have had a physical trainer have to tell me to do another rep.
to urge me to keep going.
You don't urge people to do something they naturally want to do.
So there must have been an instinct in Timothy to run.
You're young.
You're inexperienced.
There's false doctrine circulating in the church.
Timothy must not have been feeling it anymore.
Timothy's fire might have been going out.
So Paul said, I want you to remain there in Ephesus and do the hard stuff and persevere.
and persevere and stick it out and come home to a family that might not even appreciate you right now and show up at a job that might not even recognize your value right now and preach in a place where you're persecuted.
And the proof of your passion is your perseverance.
I don't know if I was really passionate when I was preaching when I was 16.
I was just excited.
There's a difference.
Interest is not passion.
Come on.
Knowledge is not passion.
Passion is something different.
When you watch a movie and they go home after a night, the first time they meet at a bar and rip each other's clothes off, that's not passion.
That's attraction.
One is from the heart.
One is from the hormones.
Passion is, and I rip your clothes off after the first time we met.
That's not passion.
Passion is when I saw my mom taking my dad's clothes off while he was dying to give him a bath because he couldn't move his own body.
Now that's passion.
Passion is proven by perseverance.
Passion is proven when you kneel down in the garden of Gethsemane like Jesus and say, I'm under pressure right now.
I don't want to do it right now.
Nevertheless, not my will, but your will be done.
You haven't even found your passion until you've passed your feelings.
And I'm concerned about this.
Because we've convoluted it.
We've taught people that if you don't feel it, you don't have to do it.
But if you have real passion, you'll do it when you're up.
Do it when you're down.
Do it when they pay you.
Do it when they don't.
Do it when they thank you.
Do it when they look you over.
Do it when they hate you.
Do it when they love you.
I got passion.
I got passion to preach.
I got passion to parent.
I got passion to pay down my debt.
And if it doesn't happen all at once, that's all right.
I got the passion to stick it out.
I'm like Ruth Naomi, you can't run me off if you want to.
I'm like Elijah, Elijah, you can tell me to leave, but I won't because I got a passion.
There is your passion.
Passion.
Say it, passion.
Say it like that with the concentration on the vowel, passion.
Passion, you can't say passion.
It sounds ridiculous.
Passion.
I mean, can you imagine if I preached on some of y'all listen?
That'd be horrible.
Well, y'all, yeah, something to say today, and that's going to get around to it.
There's a Bible there over the religious chat to the book.
Ephesian gives us a picture of the church at Ephesus from a doctrinal standpoint, but now it's been a couple of decades and it isn't a passion.
We lost our first love.
We lost our first love, loved passions, loved passions.
What got me about the church at Ephesus is that he commends their labor, but they've lost their love.
See, it isn't like they weren't making progress.
But in the process of making progress of keeping the false doctrine out, in the process of eliminating things from their life and their church that didn't need to be there in the last 43 years, because now John is riding from a place called the Island of Patmos, sending a messenger to the church at Ephesus.
And he says, I see your progress.
You got a job now.
You got a wife now.
But the question is, the question is, do you still have fashion?
You've got the apparatus.
But you've lost your passion.
All this is kind of pointless, if nothing's burning.
Passion.
You lost it.
You lost your passion.
One thing I always ask our worship team is that they lead you with passion.
Because I don't know what kind of hell you went through this week.
Or what kind of hell you're going home to.
So let's make it heaven on earth and here.
And I think they do a really good job at every campus.
Kelly Summers and Jane Williams and John Sal Barientes.
You hear me roll that R?
Barrentes, Barrentes.
What?
This is a place for passion.
This is a place, hey, hey, hey, you want to cry in this church?
You can cry.
Here's a hanky.
You want a shout?
You can shout.
You want to run?
Just don't run toward the stage.
It makes me cry.
Distracting me.
Run in place.
What kind of running motion was that?
And sometimes your passion is waiting on a place to happen.
Sometimes your passion is waiting on a place to happen.
Graham's teacher told us the other day in the parent teacher conference, she said, Graham just loves life.
She said, but sometimes I got to work with him on where it is appropriate to express that love for life.
I said, example, please, she's a great teacher.
Kimberly Springs, teaching my third grader, she said, though, that sometimes grandma just jump up in the middle of class and dab on a math problem and just dance across the room.
Just jump up.
And there's a time to dab.
But sometimes
Sometimes that flame becomes a number.
And I felt like the Lord wanted somebody today to get your passion back.
And He tells you how to do it.
He doesn't just challenge that you've lost your passion.
I mean, I don't know your reaction to the Scripture, but I take it as parental guidance that God is warning me, if you lose your passion, you're going to lose your place.
Can I break that down?
If you don't love that woman now that you're married to her the same way and in increasing ways that you did when you dated her, somebody else might.
Now, that's not a threat.
That's just reality.
If I don't want to preach with passion, you think God can't raise up another preacher who's smarter than me?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
I don't operate out of the assumption that I'm entitled to anything that God gave me.
I got to keep my passion.
How can you have so much passion before you have the position?
How do you get it back?
He said, you've abandoned it.
You didn't lose your passion.
You left it.
You didn't lose it.
You abandoned your first love.
You stopped doing the things.
Look at it.
He said, you've abandoned.
Your first love, remember, therefore, from where you have fallen.
I love God because He doesn't say that we should regret where we are.
He says we should remember where we were and get your eyes back to the hills where your help comes.
Come on, I'm preaching with passion, but I could use a little participation.
I'm not staying where I am.
I want my passion back.
So much shout, I want it back.
I want it back.
I don't just want to look like a Christian.
I want a fire in my heart.
I want to go through the motions.
Here's what you do.
Remember from where you have fallen.
Repent.
Let's look at the Scripture together.
And let's read the next part together.
And feel the feelings you felt at first.
Well, isn't that how we treat passion?
Like it's a sensation.
But yeah, when he challenges their passion, he calls them to action.
Do the things you did at first.
It's a decision, not a sensation.
Let me tell you something else.
Do it.
How do I get it back?
I'm going to pray.
Lord, I want my passion back.
It ain't coming.
Not like that.
You don't pray to get it back.
You practice.
Do the things you did at first.
I don't feel grateful anymore.
Be grateful.
I don't feel excited anymore.
Be excited.
I don't feel love anymore.
Be loving.
Do it.
What's it?
What you did at first?
Do it.
practice.
I'll show you something.
You got a second.
Is this word good?
I sure enjoyed preparing it.
I think I like cooking this better than you could ever like eating it.
While I was preparing it, watch this late.
The Lord gave me an illustration of it.
You guys may not know the names of these musicians.
I mentioned them already on the platform.
One of our
musicians here, LJ, he's a little newer to the team, but he's got passion.
And he's not some young buck who always wanted to be on the stage.
He's done some things.
He's wasted some seasons.
And I didn't know about him.
I was looking for somebody in this particular position.
And I wanted somebody who
would have not just the technical skills or proficiency to be back here, but someone who would have the passion for it.
You know how I knew he was the guy?
He said that when I send in my scriptures for them to put on the screen, he begs the people that get the email with the scriptures if he can see them so he can figure out what I'm going to preach on so he can start thinking through what song he might start playing when I start closing.
See, that's passion.
That's passion.
And I brought him up because I love all of our team.
Don't get me wrong, you're not my favorite or anything like that.
But just something I heard that when he was living in Canada, which is known for its passion.
And of you Wayne Finch, Stephen Finch, God bless you guys.
He was going through a season, I'm not going to tell all of his details, maybe you can ask him one day, but he would sit when his wife would go to bed at night, he would put on his headphones, and he would practice playing with preachers online.
Now, he didn't have a position, but he had a what?
A passion.
He would put his headphones on so as not to disturb his wife's sleep, I assume.
And I'm sure she appreciated that.
And he would play along with the preaching.
I heard that there was a season where you would play along with me online.
And I didn't know who he was.
Never heard of him.
Never even heard his name.
They didn't even call David's name when he was out in the field tending sheep.
Come on, I'm about to preach right section up.
I sure could use your passion.
I sure could use it.
And see, he didn't have a position.
But when you have a passion, you practice.
You don't wait for a position.
You don't do it because somebody's watching.
You don't do it because there's a performance.
You do it because there's a passion.
And he didn't know he was just killing lions.
He didn't know he was just killing bears.
But when Goliath came stepping forward,
To the battle line, he had been practicing.
And now he's back there.
And I'm up here, because he had a passion.
Passion will bring you from the pastor to the palace.
Pastor will bring you from the lowest to the highest.
Repent.
Again.
From passion.
Back.
Come on, take 15 seconds and praise him.
Passion.
Come on, Rock Hill.
Come on, late Norman.
Come on, you'll see.
Get your passion back.
God's not there.
He's not God with you.
Get your passion back in place.
David said, oh, yeah.
I've been practicing for this.
I've been waiting for an opportunity.
I've been waiting for a giant so I can print any way I want it.
And practice it.
You got to practice your passion.
Practice.
I was riding home with Elijah just on Friday.
And we were filling up the little gas cans with gas to put gas in the four wheeler.
Very spiritual activity.
And we filled him up and put him in Holly's suburban.
And I said, Elijah, we got to put him just right.
Because if the gas sloshes around the back of the car, your mom isn't going to be happy about our outing.
And he said, Dad, I'm worried.
Because all the way here, they were sliding around in the back.
But I said, don't worry, boy.
They might have been sliding on the way.
But they were empty.
Now that they're full, they're not going anywhere.
I started preaching to Elijah while I'm driving.
I'm practicing.
Preaching is not just my profession.
It's my passion.
If you got passion, you are preaching the call.
You are preaching the kitchen.
You are the words of God Monday.
Tuesday is my passion.
My passion of practice, my passion of practice, my passion.
Practice, practice, practice.
Find seven people telling practice, practice, practice, practice, practice, practice.
You never know.
You never know what God might want to do through you.
You got to practice.
Well, I would pray, but I just don't feel anything when I pray.
You hadn't practiced enough.
If you would pray two minutes, you would see the peace that two minutes brings, and tomorrow you want to pray five.
If you'd practice, if you'd open your Bible and read a verse, you'd want to read two.
You might read four.
You might read eight.
You might finish the book of Galatians before the week is over if you would practice.
Practice.
I'm practicing.
So if you ever see me in the grocery store and I'm mumbling, I'm not crazy.
What are you doing throwing that stick on the ground Moses?
I'm practicing because I got to use this stick to park the waters.
But until I practice, I can't perform it.
And you've lost your passion because you stopped practicing.
Even the best lose their passion without practice.
Even the best.
Even David.
The kid who ran to the battle line and said, I don't need a position.
I got passion.
I don't need the endorsement of Saul.
I've got passion.
I don't even need my brothers to like me.
I got passion.
That kid who ran to the battle line, a kid who practiced, found himself decades later.
He was in the palace, but he had lost his passion.
He sat down and wrote a psalm and he cried out to God and asked the Lord to recreate and restore his passion, create a clean heart in me, O God.
I had a pure passion when I started and I've allowed some things to come into my life and I've allowed some people and I've allowed some memories and I've allowed some decisions and some distractions and even some good things.
I've been trying to keep the
The false stuff out, but I've left my first love and I want my passion back.
He was home one day walking around on his roof.
That same kid who was willing to run to the battle lines, you've seen a lot of years now, maybe not 43 like the church at Ephesus,
It's been quite a few years since that time.
And he's not running toward the battle anymore.
He's avoiding it.
And the Bible says that in the springtime, when the kings go off to war, David stayed home.
The king in the palace had lost that passion of the kid in the pastor.
And he got out of place.
And so he saw a beautiful woman bathing on the roof.
And he called for her and she had no choice but to come.
And when he slept with her, they conceived a child that resulted in a national scandal.
Her husband was murdered at the behest of David's henchmen.
And David received word that the child born to his wife would die.
And he cried out from that place, I want my passion back.
I've lost my baby.
I've compromised my integrity, but if it took me losing some things to realize that I had lost my passion, God, all I can do now, I can't get back the baby, but I can get back my passion.
I can't get back last week, last month, last year.
Would you redeem the time I've wasted God?
I want my passion back.
I just know somebody's heart is crying out.
Maybe even watching online, you couldn't even get to church, didn't even come today.
And your heart is crying out as I preach.
Stand to your feet.
It's a holy moment in the sanctuary.
I want my passion back.
And Abby asked me a question.
She said, Daddy, Daddy, did you have to practice that?
And I was standing there thinking about my kids maybe one day.
They'll take their kids to the church they grew up in.
And I wonder what they'll be telling them about our church.
Will they be telling them what God used to do?
Will they be telling them about the people who used to give sacrificially?
who didn't have a building but had passion.
Will this be the place where they had revival one time?
Or will it be a place where the revival fire never died because of a people with a passion?
And I want to pray for you, because when David got done lamenting what he had lost,
And he prayed out, God, don't take your spirit from me.
I can lose anything, but I don't want to lose my place to the angel of the church at Ephesus, to the husband of for it, Valentine, to the teenage girl in Rock Hill.
Write these words.
If you will find your purpose,
you will recover your passion.
I think the worst advice that we could give a young person is to follow your passion.
That might sound exciting, but it's self-destructive.
You don't follow your passion.
If you follow your passion, you're going to get your passion confused with your feelings.
And the first time the wind blows real good, your flame will go out.
Don't follow your passion because sometimes you can't tell your passion apart from your preference.
Sometimes you can't tell your faith apart from your feelings.
So you don't stay in Ephesus.
You don't stay in the hard places.
Don't follow your passion.
Follow your purpose.
Remember the reason God saved you.
Get your life, stand back.
Every candle needs a stand.
The passion is the flame and the purpose is the stand.
Put your passion on your purpose.
My passion follows my purpose.
So when I feel it, when I don't, same purpose.
Thank purpose.
And you've been here and there and everywhere, losing time, losing joy, losing passion, following your passion.
That's ridiculous.
Follow your passion.
How ridiculous is that?
You know you would have married that crazy girl.
Follow your passion.
No, no, no.
Mm-mm, mm-mm.
Find your passion.
and teach your passion to follow your purpose.
Tell your passion where to show up in the place of your purpose.
I mean, imagine church, imagine if the people running the cameras at this church got it flipped.
Imagine if the people running the cameras while I'm preaching.
Imagine if they all of a sudden thought that it was my job to follow the camera.
How ridiculous would that be?
how ridiculous would it be if they, in fact, I'm going to illustrate it.
I'm going to show you how ridiculous it is when you follow your passion.
Show them real quick on the camera.
So I got to preach now.
And while I'm preaching that camera.
So now I got to follow the camera.
How ridiculous is it?
when you run around in life letting your feelings tell you what job to take and what job to quit and what relationship to be in.
No, no, no.
I don't follow the camera.
The camera follows me.
You've got to stay with me.
I don't follow passion.
My passion follows my purpose.
Does anybody have purpose?
Looking unto Jesus, the author, the finisher.
I'm my faith, whom are the joys set before Him.
Enjoy the cross.
This fizzing has changed.
I want my passion back.
And my passion is waiting in the place of my purpose.
I want to pray for you.
If this message hit your heart today, if it was for you.
I want you to know that after David laid down and prayed and asked God to give him the baby back.
The Bible says that he
made the decision to get up, to get up, to repent, to get up.
After he had been there long enough, he got up, and he went in, and he had another baby.
He got his passion back.
Could this be the day that you get your passion back?
Not just goosebumps,
Not just a comfortable feeling, but an inner determination and resolve that says, I will.
I will.
I don't feel it, but I will.
I don't even want to sometimes, but I will.
Because my passion serves a purpose by your head.
created me a clean heart, O God, and renew a right spirit within me.
Cast me not away from your presence, and do not take your Holy Spirit from me.
Restore unto me the joy of your salvation, and renew a right spirit, and grant me a willing spirit.
Somebody say, I will.
I will say I will.
I will, I will, I will.
Even when I don't feel, I will, because I have a passion.
I will.
I'm not waiting on the position.
I have a passion.
Father, we thank you today for returning us to our first love.
We don't want to labor without love and we don't want to serve you without passion.
We don't want to lose our place.
We don't want to miss our chance.
So while the
While the lamps stand is still in place, while we still have breath in our bodies, while we still have an opportunity, we call out to you, God.
And we don't ask you to restore our passion because the fact is, you didn't take it away.
It's still in us.
It was just waiting for this word, for this moment, to be awakened.
So God, we call our passion to the surface.
Like Elisha called the iron of the accent to float to the top of the water.
We're calling our passion forth today.
We're calling our victory forth today.
Like David got up.
We're getting up.
We want our passion back.
We command our passion.
to serve your purpose in our lives.
We will, by your spirit.
We will, by your power.
We will.
We're getting up today.
Not staying down, not staying lost, not staying lonely.
We're getting up.
I'm getting up.
I'm getting up right now.
Right here.
Right now.
I'm on my path, somebody.
Make sure to share it and subscribe so we can get you all of these new messages as soon as they're available.
I also want to take a moment and thank all of you who are a part of Elevation.
Whether you support us financially or serve with us or just share these messages is because of you that we're able to reach people all around the world.
And if you want more information on how to be a part of Elevation, click the link in the description.
Thanks again for listening.
Make sure to leave a review.
Share the message and subscribe.
God bless you.